added get-started-experiments generation code (#44)
iterative/example-repos-dev: get-started/code-experiments/README.md

> ## DVC Get Started for Experiments

Reviewer: I'm sure @jorgeorpinel will have strong opinions on titles & section titles to remain consistent with the current docs.

Author: _The DVC Get Started Project Focusing Mainly on Experiments (but may be used for other features too)_. 

We have two pages for the experiments in the docs, one is titled "Get Started: Experiments", and the other is "Experiment Management." "Get Started: Experiments" looks like a document title instead of a project name but I can use it here too @jorgeorpinel

Reviewer 2: I think @casperdcl meant to keep just **DVC Get Started** here, as it is now (not sure).

Idk, is this repo now only intended to be used in the GS/Experiments and UG/Exp Mgmt pages? If so maybe **DVC Experiments Example** would be a better title.

This repository contains a project that trains a classifier for [Fashion
MNIST][fmnist] dataset in Tensorflow. 

> [fmnist]: https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist

Reviewer 2: > don't use [links][like this] unless you re-use them

On this, seems like a stylistic choice TBH (up to eahc person for now). But I would agree it's best to embed them most times unless

a) the URLs are super long
b) they are not very short and repeat (esp if more than once)
c) they contain a URL anchor e.g. `/some/path#specific-section-title`

What do you guys think?

> [fmnist]: https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist

Reviewer: I don't think this repo uses "raw" markdown - it's actually "code" markdown so this makes more sense to me:

- keep `[with the link text](URL)`
- unless the URL is re-used, in which case avoid `[duplication & typos][URL]` with `[aliases][URL]`

I think we should be using language features to our advantage rather than 1. because the features exist or 2. based on style preferences

> [fmnist]: https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist

Author: For me, the difference is this:

![levinas-210602-114952](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/120450219-ee932c80-c398-11eb-86df-1a566f3dd0e6.png)
![levinas-210602-114918](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/120450243-f521a400-c398-11eb-9d86-4326c6a95bcf.png)

I admit the [reference links] are rare in MD documents, but seeing paragraphs broken by inline links makes my OCD side suffer. :)) The broken links are a different matter; you can have broken links in (inline) links as well. 

I changed the links in iterative/dvc.org#2497 because the link checker wasn't aware of them. Here, however, we should consider people will be reading the raw `README.md` file in their editor as well. In that case having reference links is cleaner IMO.

> [fmnist]: https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist

Author: For me, the difference is this:

![levinas-210602-114952](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/120451799-6746b880-c39a-11eb-839a-7817e1956662.png)
![levinas-210602-114918](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/120451804-6877e580-c39a-11eb-9cb0-153cf4528c08.png)

I admit the [reference links] are rare in MD documents, but seeing paragraphs broken by inline links makes my OCD side suffer. :)) The broken links are a different matter; you can have broken links in (inline) kind as well. 

I changed the links in iterative/dvc.org#2497 because the link checker wasn't aware of them. Here, however, we should consider people may be reading the raw `README.md` file in their editor as well. In that case, having reference links is cleaner IMO.

> [fmnist]: https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist

Reviewer 2: As of now I think MD link styles are a personal preference (until we manage to agree on some guidelines, lets discuss elsewhere?) so up to you, esp. in this repo.

It is used as a showcase for [`dvc exp`][gsdvcexp] commands to manage large
number of experiments. 

> [gsdvcexp]: https://dvc.org/doc/start/experiments

Author: "large _number_ of experiments" or "large _numbers_ of experiments"? The experiments, in my mind, consist of one group with large number of experiments, not multiple groups having large number of experiments.

> [gsdvcexp]: https://dvc.org/doc/start/experiments

Reviewer 2: Either "a large number" or "large numbers" are correct I think.

After [installing DVC][installdvc] and cloning the repository, you can run:

[installdvc]: https://dvc.org/doc/install

```console
python -m venv .venv

> . .venv/bin/activate

Author: [Previous example-get-started](https://github.com/iterative/example-get-started) begins literally from `git clone` and `cd`. 😆 

We even have [an issue](https://github.com/iterative/example-repos-dev/issues/26) regarding to use `python -m venv` instead of `virtualenv` 😄 

I think when someone knows enough about the virtual environments, they know when to skip this advice and if they don't know `venv`, it's a good place to learn. Some members of our audience may not be aware that Python is written to `.py` files and executed by `python`.

> . .venv/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: Agree it's not ideal to be specific about `venv` but what's a better alternative? Just mention it and don't give out any instructions? That wouldn't help beginners. Like @iesahin mentioned advanced users will know how to replace it, probably.

> . .venv/bin/activate

Author: If the user has visited a Github repository, IMO we can assume they know how to clone it, and for `cd`, yeah, they are very 

`venv` is Python specific, we can't assume the user knows Python.  It's true that `venv` is related to a particular workflow, cloning to your local machine and experimenting. The user could be cloning this into a container, in that case they should know to skip.

If the user is new to Python and downloaded some earlier/later version of Tensorflow to their machine, we can't be sure that the code will work as expected. 

Asking the user to work in a virtualenv is a better approach, and without `venv`, asking them to run `pip install -r requirements.txt` is dangerous, they may break some other software without knowing, and without `pip install -r requirements.txt`, how can we say them to install the requirements?

I'm assuming it's the user's second day in Python. If it's the second year, they know they can skip this.

> . .venv/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is very critical. But a simple option is to just add a note like in https://dvc.org/doc/install/macos#install-with-pip

python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

> ```

Reviewer 3: We should add `dvc pull` here, otherwise next command (`dvc exp run...`) fails.

Author: Thank you @aguschin. 👍🏼  Fixed now.

`params.yaml` defines many parameters to modify with `dvc exp run --set-param/-S`
option. For example to set the number of convolutional units in `cnn` model, you

> can use:

Author: Here `cnn` refers to the value of `model.name` parameter, and incidentally `cnn` is a CNN model 😄 It may not be _the CNN model_ for the project, though. We may add additional CNN models, this one is too simple.

> can use:

Reviewer 2: I think @casperdcl's suggestion was mainly on syntax and is much easier to read. Keeping `cnn` as a quote is secondary.

> can use:

Reviewer: updated

```console
dvc exp run -S model.cnn.conv_units=128 
```

The experiment will produce a new `metrics.json` and you can check the changes
in metrics:

```console
dvc exp diff

> ```

Author: `exp diff` is used for comparing metrics and params. There is no `exp plots` or `exp metrics`. 

I may agree that's a bit confusing but `dvc exp show` shows what? A table of params and metrics.  `diff` is better than `show`, though has some strings attached from `git diff` and `diff` utility.  I'd name it `dvc exp delta`, and the other `dvc exp table`.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a sample output to clarify how this command displays metrics.

You can queue many experiments with `--queue` option:

```console
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.1
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.2
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.3
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.4
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.5
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.6
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.7
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.8
dvc exp run --queue -S model.cnn.dropout=0.9
```

> and run them at once, preferably in parallel with `--jobs`:

Reviewer 2: "at once" may not mean what you intend. Try to use simple language when possible e.g. "run them all" here.

```console
dvc exp run --run-all --jobs 4
```

You can get the summary of experiments with: 

```console
dvc exp show
```

and limit the parameters and metrics to show with `--include-params` and
`--include-metrics` options, respectively.  

> Experiments are given hash-names derived from their inputs and environment. It

Reviewer: "Hash-names?" Is this this official DVC term for this? CC @jorgeorpinel.

Also "derived from their inputs and environment" - can we be more specific or link to documentation explaining the naming convention?

Reviewer: https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/exp/run#options are you looking for `dvc exp run --name <name>`?

Reviewer 4: The autogenerated names are based on a SHA256 hash of the reproduced pipeline. They are hashed in the same way that we generate hashes for stages which are used in run-cache, except that we hash the entire pipeline instead of individual stages.

The hashes really only have meaning internally to DVC, I'm not sure it needs to be documented anywhere outside of the DVC code base itself. If users want experiment names to mean something they should be providing their own names via `-n/--name`.

Reviewer 2: > Is this this official DVC term for this?

We just use "names" now. See https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/exp/run. I see no need to go into any details on how they're named here TBH.

```suggestion
Experiments are given automatic names but it
```

> may be easier to review them when you give names with `--name/-n` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may be easier to review them when you give names with the `--name/-n` option.
```

```console
dvc exp run -n baseline-experiment
```

> Experiments are normally not checked-in to Git. When there is an experiment that
> you want to preserve in Git history, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiments are normally not preserved by Git. If you want to do so, you can use:
```

```console
dvc exp apply exp-123456
```

> Then you can use `git add`, `git commit`, `git push` and `dvc push` as usual. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
followed by `git add`, `git commit`, `git push` and `dvc push` as usual. 
```

Author: I don't want to break the sentence by a command.

> You can push and pull the _code changes_ related to an experiment with `dvc exp
> push` and `dvc exp pull` respectively. These two commands work with _Git
> remotes._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can push and pull the _code changes_ related to an experiment with
`dvc exp push` and `dvc exp pull` respectively. These two commands work with
_Git remotes._
```

Author: `p` of `dvc exp` is on column 79, why do you break? MD converter should be smart enough to convert `dvc exp
push`

Reviewer 2: Yeah I guess it doesn't matter here (README file). It would need to be broken if it was content for the docs engine though (per https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/contributing/docs).

> You can clean up the experiments that don't make into the repository with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can clean up unused experiments with:
```

```console
dvc exp gc --workspace
```

### Pipeline and Parameters

The pipeline defined in `dvc.yaml` consists of four stages that depend on each

> other sequentially: `prepare`, `preprocess`, `train` and `evaluate`. `train`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other sequentially: `prepare`, `preprocess`, `train` and `evaluate`. The `train`
```

> stage also depends on `src/models.py` that defines two simple models, `mlp` and
> `cnn`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stage also depends on `src/models.py` (which defines an MLP and CNN model).
```

Author: Again, `mlp` and `cnn` are names here. It's like naming your dragon as `dragon` but it looks easier this way.

Reviewer 2: Yes but again the syntax is better in the suggestion — "which" clause in parenthesis (could be a comma too).

> When you change a parameter for an earlier stage, later stages depend on this
> stage are also run by `dvc exp run`. So when you change a parameter for
> `prepare`, all the later stages are run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you change a stage's parameters, all dependent stages are also run by
`dvc exp run`. For example, changing a parameter for `prepare` will result in
all the later stages being run.
```

Notable parameters for each stage that you can use with `--set-param` option are
as follows: 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<details>
<summary>Parameters</summary>

```

- `prepare.remix`: Determines whether Fashion-MNIST train (60000 images) and
  test (10000 images) sets are merged and split. If `false`, the test and
  train sets are not merged and used as in the original.

> 

Reviewer: inter-bullet spacing is annoying in this long list - please remove

Author: OK.I would like to use definition lists but this is not RST.

Reviewer 2: I agree since most elements are short sentences the bullet list doesn't need spacing but "is annoying" wasn't a good reason haha. Annoying to whom? Users see rendered markdown 🙂

  of `relu`, `selu`, `elu`, `tanh`

- `model.cnn.dense_units`: Number of units in `Dense` layer of the CNN.

- `model.cnn.activation`: The activation function for the convolutional layer.
  Can be one of `relu`, `selu`, `elu` or `tanh`.

- `model.cnn.conv_kernel_size`: One side of convolutional kernel, e.g., for
  `3`, a `(3, 3)` convolution applied to the images.

- `model.cnn.conv_units`: Number of convolutional units. 

- `model.cnn.dropout`: Dropout rate between `0` and `1`. 

### Metrics

The following metrics are produced by `evaluate` stage. You can include or
exclude them in `dvc exp show` with `--include-metrics` and `--exclude-metrics` options.

- `categorical_accuracy`: Produces accuracy metrics for the classes.

- `recall`: Recall metric (True Positives / All Relevant Elements)

- `precision`: Precision metric (True Positives / All Positives)

- `auc-roc`: Generates [Receiver Operating Characteristic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_characteristic) curve

- `auc-prc`: Generates Precision-Recall Curve

- `fp`: Number of False Positives

- `fn`: Number of False Negatives

- `tp`: Number of True Positives

- `tn`: Number of True Negatives

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

</details>

```

## Files

### Data Files

The data files used in the project are found in `data/fashion-mnist`. All of
these files are tracked by DVC and can be retrieved using `dvc pull` from the
configured remote.

- `data/fashion-mnist/raw.dvc`: Contains a reference to the [Dataset

>   Registry][dsr] to download the Fashion-MNIST

Reviewer: missing/broken link

  dataset to `data/fashion-mnist/raw/`.

- `data/fashion-mnist/prepared/`: Created by `src/prepare.py` and contains training and testing files in NumPy format.

- `data/fashion-mnist/preprocessed/`: Created by `src/preprocess.py` and contains training and
  testing files in NumPy format ready to be supplied to `model.train`.

### Source Files

> The source files are `src/` directory. All files receive runtime parameters from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source files are in the `src/` directory. All files receive runtime parameters from
```

`params.yaml`, so none of them require any options. File dependencies are

> hardcoded in the current version, but this may change in a later iteration.

Reviewer: this sounds like a note to self rather than info for users?

Author: Removed
